---
linkTitle: 80부호(16wpm)
title: 영문 평문 80부호(16wpm)
# description: 
type: docs
weight: 60
---

{{% pageinfo %}}
연습 방법에 대한 글을 읽고 시작하십시오.<br>
<br>
파일의 우측 점 세개를 눌러서 속도를 변경할 수 있습니다.
{{% /pageinfo %}}

<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/tiGf4/btrAQ5fgOhi/0hPbyKmyNIBsb7D4TYQWeK/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">01 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">This is the story of the great war that Rikki fought single handed through the bathrooms of the big bungalow in Segowlee cantonment. Darzee the Tailorbird helped him and Chuchundra. the muskrat who never comes out into the middle of the floor but always creeps round by the wall gave him advice. but Rikki did the real fighting. He was a mongoose rather like a little cat in his fur and his tail but quite like a weasel in his head and his habits. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/bt9zXO/btrAR83sAk8/Inb0IfxroMbdKKiGanXbm1/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">02 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">His eyes and the end of his restless nose were pink. He could scratch himself anywhere he pleased with any leg front or back that he chose to use. scuttled through the long grass was Rikk tikki tchk. One day a high summer flood washed him out of the burrow where he lived with his father and mother and carried him. kicking and clucking down a roadside ditch. He found a little wisp of grass floating there and clung to it till he lost his senses. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/bohch4/btrATTLeZfc/awMpaEOQKoCVdHorf5zAq0/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">03 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">When he revived he was lying in the hot sun on the middle of a garden path very draggled indeed. and a small boy was saying Here is a dead mongoose. Lets have a funeral. No said his mother lets take him in and dry him. Perhaps he isnt really dead. They took him into the house and a big man picked him up between his finger and thumb and said he was not dead but half choked. So they wrapped him in cotton wool and warmed him over a little fire and he opened his eyes and sneezed. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/bnziqu/btrARMGkPmK/gspY2XmVL7KfC6PQJrrko0/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">04 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">Now said the big man who was an Englishman who had just moved into the bungalow. dont frighten him and we will see what he will do. It is the hardest thing in the world to frighten a mongoose because he is eaten up from nose to tail with curiosity. The motto of all the mongoose family is Run and find out and Rikki was a true mongoose. He looked at the cotton wool decided that it was not good to eat. ran all round the table sat up and put his fur in order. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/cZo6ek/btrAR6Yj1oO/jbSsLcAx0hHEZqAdqQBVPk/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">05 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">scratched himself and jumped on the small boys shoulder. Dont be frightened Teddy said his father. That is his way of making friends. Ouch He is tickling under my chin said Teddy. Rikki looked down between the boys collar and neck. snuffed at his ear and climbed down to the floor where he sat rubbing his nose. Good gracious said Teddys mother and that is a wild creature. I suppose he is so tame because we have been kind to him. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/bBrpCn/btrAPA0TDHE/kt4vvYKUwJD6qPrJkiup61/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">06 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">All mongooses are like that said her husband. If Teddy doesnt pick him up by the tail or try to put him in a cage. he will run in and out of the house all day long. Lets give him something to eat. They gave him a little piece of raw meat. Rikki liked it immensely and when it was finished he went out into the veranda and sat in the sunshine and fluffed up his fur to make it dry to the roots. Then he felt better. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/5EQlJ/btrAR92k5gL/d6IvRxceBEocDmpp9si85k/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">07 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">There are more things to find out about in this house he said to himself than all my family could find out in all their lives. I shall certainly stay and find out. He spent all that day roaming over the house. He nearly drowned himself in the bathtubs put his nose into the ink on a writing table and burned it on the end of the big mans cigar for he climbed up in the big mans lap to see how writing was done. At nightfall he ran into Teddys nursery. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/bEZVxn/btrAUlnabnz/TyQOs5UDJNMHmrkVXetdb0/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">08 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">to watch how kerosene lamps were lighted and when Teddy went to bed Rikki climbed up too. But he was a restless companion because he had to get up and attend to every noise all through the night and find out what made it. Teddys mother and father came in. the last thing to look at their boy and Rikki was awake on the pillow. I dont like that said Teddys mother. He may bite the child. He will do no such thing said the father. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/rykzg/btrAPzOunHQ/SUK8Fxky9EvYdtbcu9UjwK/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">09 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">Teddys safer with that little beast than if he had a bloodhound to watch him. If a snake came into the nursery now. But Teddys mother wouldnt think of anything so awful. Early in the morning Rikki came to early breakfast. in the veranda riding on Teddys shoulder and they gave him banana and some boiled egg. He sat on all their laps one after the other because every well brought up mongoose always hopes to be a house mongoose some day and have rooms to run about in and Rikkis mother who used to live in the generals house at Segowlee. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/bKsR6u/btrAUxOH1Kk/kJSnPpx93quSqq4WK1gAOK/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">10 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">had carefully told Rikki what to do if ever he came across white men. Then Rikki went out into the garden to see what was to be seen. It was a large garden only half cultivated with bushes as big as summer houses of Marshal Niel roses. lime and orange trees. clumps of bamboos and thickets of high grass. Rikki licked his lips. This is a splendid hunting ground he said and his tail grew bottle brushy at the thought of it and he scuttled up and down the garden, snuffing here and there till he heard very sorrowful voices in a thorn bush. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/mtwes/btrAQQ2WKm2/JNk38qLw5UDvp9Zh9Sp3T0/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">11 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">It was Darzee the Tailorbird and his wife. They had made a beautiful nest by pulling two big leaves together. and stitching them up the edges with fibers and had filled the hollow with cotton and downy fluff. The nest swayed to and fro as they sat on the rim and cried. What is the matter? asked Rikki. We are very miserable said Darzee. One of our babies fell out of the nest yesterday and Nag ate him. Hm said Rikki that is very sad but I am a stranger here. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/bQX9mL/btrAQP36K8g/5hVT34eMOKJ7g6seGa4z4K/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">12 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">Who is Nag? Darzee and his wife only cowered down in the nest without answering for from the thick grass at the foot of the bush there came a low horrid cold sound that made Rikki jump back two clear feet. Then inch by inch out of the grass rose up the head and spread hood of Nag. the big black cobra and he was five feet long from tongue to tail. When he had lifted one third of himself clear of the ground he stayed balancing to and fro exactly as a dandelion tuft balances in the wind. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/bBIUgl/btrARKIwmFu/ANz7PAvdS0stUMrZ9RwXh1/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">13 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">and he looked at Rikki with the wicked snakes eyes that never change their expression. whatever the snake may be thinking of. Who is Nag? said he. I am Nag. The great God Brahm put his mark upon all our people when the first cobra spread his hood to keep the sun off Brahm as he slept. Look and be afraid. He spread out his hood more than ever and Rikki saw the spectacle mark on the back of it that looks exactly like the eye part of a hook and eye fastening. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/blZdax/btrAQIdDwac/X0d1wCGvIgvx5pF3ZdEuUk/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">14 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">He was afraid for the minute, but it is impossible for a mongoose to stay frightened for any length of time and though Rikki had never met a live cobra before his mother had fed him on dead ones and he knew that all a grown mongooses business in life was to fight and eat snakes. Nag knew that too and at the bottom of his cold heart. he was afraid. Well said Rikki and his tail began to fluff up again marks or no marks do you think it is right for you to eat fledglings out of a nest? &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/QF0TF/btrAR83sELE/bKGIvksscSbJuvj28zaqiK/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">15 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">Nag was thinking to himself and watching the least little movement in the grass behind Rikki. He knew that mongooses in the garden meant death sooner or later for him and his family. but he wanted to get Rikki off his guard. So he dropped his head a little and put it on one side. Let us talk he said. You eat eggs. Why should not I eat birds? Behind you Look behind you sang Darzee. Rikki knew better than to waste time in staring. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/bRQ9UH/btrATd4hynd/YALkthvTnoK4fpacjMVsrK/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">16 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">He jumped up in the air as high as he could go and just under him whizzed by the head of Nagaina. Nags wicked wife. She had crept up behind him as he was talking to make an end of him. He heard her savage hiss as the stroke missed. He came down almost across her back and if he had been an old mongoose he would have known that then was the time to break her back with one bite. but he was afraid of the terrible lashing return stroke of the cobra. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/9q4aP/btrAR7QtMVQ/Bf6Xm3dTSpK7eTeXxThWJk/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">17 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">He bit indeed but did not bite long enough and he jumped clear of the whisking tail leaving Nagaina torn and angry. Wicked Darzee said Nag lashing up as high as he could reach toward the nest in the thorn bush. But Darzee had built it out of reach of snakes and it only swayed to and fro. Rikki felt his eyes growing red and hot. when a mongooses eyes grow red he is angry and he sat back on his tail and hind legs like a little kangaroo and looked all round him and chattered with rage. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/q0nWg/btrAPNyVU1l/1kvJg5g0tS1B2yqnVKmMkK/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">18 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">But Nag and Nagaina had disappeared into the grass. When a snake misses its stroke it never says anything or gives any sign of what it means to do next. Rikki did not care to follow them for he did not feel sure that he could manage two snakes at once. So he trotted off to the gravel path near the house and sat down to think. It was a serious matter for him. If you read the old books of natural history you will find they say that when the mongoose fights the snake and happens to get bitten. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/bcwD1M/btrAQfPt7S6/g5bi1j9LaCstuMlF49SA61/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">19 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">he runs off and eats some herb that cures him. That is not true. The victory is only a matter of quickness of eye and quickness of foot snakes blow against mongooses jump and as no eye can follow the motion of a snakes head when it strikes. this makes things much more wonderful than any magic herb. Rikki knew he was a young mongoose. and it made him all the more pleased to think that he had managed to escape a blow from behind. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/bOkg0v/btrARgf3DUt/IB1Ch2De1YAIcpPBPzR6j0/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">20 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">It gave him confidence in himself and when Teddy came running down the path. Rikki was ready to be petted. But just as Teddy was stooping something wriggled a little in the dust and a tiny voice said Be careful. I am Death It was Karait. the dusty brown snakeling that lies for choice on the dusty earth and his bite is as dangerous as the cobras. But he is so small that nobody thinks of him and so he does the more harm to people. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/nsJxn/btrAQ7jSuOL/b3tfO1lU1iKY5Ww4XjKGl0/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">21 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">Rikkis eyes grew red again and he danced up to Karait with the peculiar rocking swaying motion that he had inherited from his family. It looks very funny but it is so perfectly balanced a gait that you can fly off from it at any angle you please and in dealing with snakes this is an advantage. If Rikki had only known he was doing a much more dangerous thing than fighting Nag for Karait is so small and can turn so quickly that unless Rikki bit him close to the back of the head. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/zb8nw/btrAUxgSme6/EoJWAh8wGzDy2sqF0S0Z0K/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">22 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">he would get the return stroke in his eye or his lip. But Rikki did not know. His eyes were all red and he rocked back and forth looking for a good place to hold. Karait struck out. Rikki jumped sideways and tried to run in but the wicked little dusty gray head lashed within a fraction of his shoulder and he had to jump over the body. and the head followed his heels close. Teddy shouted to the house. Oh look here Our mongoose is killing a snake. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/ddJBEy/btrASvKRAlu/7BYHLJS4xi2KWflJdAHbt0/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">23 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">And Rikki heard a scream from Teddys mother. His father ran out with a stick but by the time he came up Karait had lunged out once too far and Rikki had sprung jumped on the snakes back dropped his head far between his forelegs. bitten as high up the back as he could get hold and rolled away. That bite paralyzed Karait and Rikki was just going to eat him up from the tail after the custom of his family at dinner when he remembered that a full meal makes a slow mongoose. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/beDhAU/btrAQJcrzRe/ITKALWnLED7X2gTTVx0Nzk/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">24 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">and if he wanted all his strength and quickness ready. he must keep himself thin. He went away for a dust bath under the castor oil bushes while Teddys father beat the dead Karait. What is the use of that? thought Rikki. I have settled it all and then Teddys mother picked him up from the dust and hugged him crying that he had saved Teddy from death and Teddys father said that he was a providence. and Teddy looked on with big scared eyes. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/lWc9u/btrAFamD0uQ/9IPGi2zUEkxOBYkP1Z72Kk/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">25 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">Rikki was rather amused at all the fuss which of course he did not understand. Teddys mother might just as well have petted Teddy for playing in the dust. Rikki was thoroughly enjoying himself. That night at dinner walking to and fro among the wine glasses on the table. he might have stuffed himself three times over with nice things. But he remembered Nag and Nagaina and though it was very pleasant to be patted and petted by Teddys mother and to sit on Teddys shoulder. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/HrZ2n/btrATTdqnpJ/qM0SH9g0ekw7miZaQeEuT0/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">26 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">his eyes would get red from time to time and he would go off into his long war cry of Rikk tikk tchk. Teddy carried him off to bed. and insisted on Rikki sleeping under his chin. Rikki was too well bred to bite or scratch but as soon as Teddy was asleep he went off for his nightly walk round the house and in the dark he ran up against Chuchundra the musk rat creeping around by the wall. Chuchundra is a broken hearted little beast. He whimpers and cheeps all the night. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/B5UKM/btrARqjbHTb/o7imSADMiiGSjMDZMKpkwk/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">27 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">trying to make up his mind to run into the middle of the room. But he never gets there. Dont kill me said Chuchundra almost weeping. Rikki dont kill me. Do you think a snake killer kills muskrats? said Rikki scornfully. Those who kill snakes get killed by snakes said Chuchundra more sorrowfully than ever. And how am I to be sure that Nag wont mistake me for you some dark night? There is not the least danger said Rikki. But Nag is in the garden and I know you dont go there. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/caz26r/btrASuFcsWE/WaS8B2iEHiCB1PYQ0YeLXk/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">28 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">My cousin Chua the rat told me said Chuchundra and then he stopped. Told you what? Nag is everywhere Rikki. You should have talked to Chua in the garden. I didnt so you must tell me. Quick Chuchundra or I will bite you. Chuchundra sat down and cried till the tears rolled off his whiskers. I am a very poor man he sobbed. I never had spirit enough to run out into the middle of the room. I mustnt tell you anything. Cant you hear? Rikki listened. The house was as still as still. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/bpqESl/btrASamGl57/HfEMUYj9AZXpF8sjNxj3Fk/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">29 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">but he thought he could just catch the faintest scratch in the world a noise as faint as that of a wasp walking on a window pane the dry scratch of a snakes scales on brick work. That is Nag or Nagaina he said to himself and he is crawling into the bathroom sluice. You are right Chuchundra I should have talked to Chua. He stole off to Teddys bathroom but there was nothing there and then to Teddys mothers bathroom. At the bottom of the smooth plaster wall there was a brick pulled out to make a sluice for the bath water. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/dpbTb4/btrARLN81JW/XqrEiH7m3TPZFvvmAwi0V0/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">30 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">and as Rikki stole in by the masonry curb where the bath is put. he heard Nag and Nagaina whispering together outside in the moonlight. When the house is emptied of people said Nagaina to her husband. he will have to go away and then the garden will be our own again. Go in quietly and remember that the big man who killed Karait is the first one to bite. Then come out and tell me and we will hunt for Rikki together. But are you sure that there is anything to be gained by killing the people? said Nag. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/d6evmT/btrAR9gVl6v/O36s7pygBK7XGJ5r9N2Om0/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">31 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">Everything. When there were no people in the bungalow did we have any mongoose in the garden? So long as the bungalow is empty. we are king and queen of the garden and remember that as soon as our eggs in the melon bed hatch as they may tomorrow. our children will need room and quiet. I had not thought of that said Nag. I will go but there is no need that we should hunt for Rikki afterward. I will kill the big man and his wife and the child if I can and come away quietly. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/HxfIX/btrARpYUlOj/kjqQ17EodHVkzKlWlnd1A1/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">32 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">Then the bungalow will be empty and Rikki will go. Rikki tingled all over with rage and hatred at this and then Nags head came through the sluice and his five feet of cold body followed it. Angry as he was Rikki was very frightened as he saw the size of the big cobra. Nag coiled himself up raised his head and looked into the bathroom in the dark and Rikki could see his eyes glitter. Now if I kill him here Nagaina will know and if I fight him on the open floor. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/4RMR4/btrAR8WKhg2/bKJmvm3N3IEXR0muR6uQuk/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">33 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">the odds are in his favor. What am I to do? said Rikki. Nag waved to and fro and then Rikki heard him drinking from the biggest water jar that was used to fill the bath. That is good said the snake. Now when Karait was killed the big man had a stick. He may have that stick still but when he comes in to bathe in the morning he will not have a stick. I shall wait here till he comes. Nagaina do you hear me? I shall wait here in the cool till daytime. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/mWG3v/btrARLtQb0K/RKkuYMIYhBUuDy3MzuMCf1/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">34 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">There was no answer from outside so Rikki knew Nagaina had gone away. Nag coiled himself down coil by coil round the bulge at the bottom of the water jar and Rikki stayed still as death. After an hour he began to move muscle by muscle toward the jar. Nag was asleep and Rikki looked at his big back wondering which would be the best place for a good hold. If I dont break his back at the first jump said Rikki. he can still fight. And if he fights Rikki. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/cbZMTS/btrAR9BgVpc/ymLktooLMpX7bHGKFkwF91/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">35 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">He looked at the thickness of the neck below the hood but that was too much for him and a bite near the tail would only make Nag savage. It must be the head he said at last the head above the hood. And when I am once there I must not let go. Then he jumped. The head was lying a little clear of the water jar under the curve of it and as his teeth met Rikki braced his back against the bulge of the red earthenware to hold down the head. This gave him just one seconds purchase. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/bf14m9/btrAUxnEIhx/UrN3eVdHfFEFTRLfMsXpM1/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">36 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">and he made the most of it. Then he was battered to and fro as a rat is shaken by a dog to and fro on the floor up and down and around in great circles. but his eyes were red and he held on as the body cart whipped over the floor. upsetting the tin dipper and the soap dish and the flesh brush and banged against the tin side of the bath. As he held he closed his jaws tighter and tighter for he made sure he would be banged to death and for the honor of his family. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/dQMfZS/btrASvKRCWh/9ipp4b3fmttp7DWTeUPr31/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">37 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">he preferred to be found with his teeth locked. He was dizzy, aching and felt shaken to pieces when something went off like a thunderclap just behind him. A hot wind knocked him senseless and red fire singed his fur. The big man had been wakened by the noise and had fired both barrels of a shotgun into Nag just behind the hood. Rikki held on with his eyes shut for now he was quite sure he was dead. But the head did not move and the big man picked him up and said It is the mongoose again Alice. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/NqKTK/btrASu6f0kW/lJsKQo1MnZlq3kkNie9DZ0/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">38 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">The little chap has saved our lives now. Then Teddys mother came in with a very white face and saw what was left of Nag, and Rikki dragged himself to Teddys bedroom and spent half the rest of the night shaking himself tenderly to find out whether he really was broken into forty pieces as he fancied. When morning came he was very stiff but well pleased with his doings. Now I have Nagaina to settle with and she will be worse than five Nags. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/XEFTz/btrAR9VAFUU/ikyjn5pJsvyHxQXkQZhPKK/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">39 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">and there is no knowing when the eggs she spoke of will hatch. Goodness I must go and see Darzee he said. Without waiting for breakfast Rikki ran to the thornbush where Darzee was singing a song of triumph at the top of his voice. The news of Nags death was all over the garden. for the sweeper had thrown the body on the rubbish heap. Oh you stupid tuft of feathers said Rikki angrily. Is this the time to sing? Nag is dead sang Darzee. The valiant Rikki caught him by the head and held fast. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/dYvlei/btrAUx2e5DU/fM76b9slO0k9UaSZ12bK1K/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">40 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">The big man brought the bang stick and Nag fell in two pieces. He will never eat my babies again. All that is true enough. But where is Nagaina? said Rikki looking carefully round him. Nagaina came to the bathroom sluice and called for Nag. Darzee went on and Nag came out on the end of a stick the sweeper picked him up on the end of a stick and threw him upon the rubbish heap. Let us sing about the great the red eyed Rikki. And Darzee filled his throat and sang. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/dDTR23/btrATRGFFQA/BA6AOwiEIek9HtibfXDIT1/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">41 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">If I could get up to your nest I would roll your babies out. said Rikki You dont know when to do the right thing at the right time. You are safe enough in your nest there. but it is war for me down here. Stop singing a minute Darzee. For the great the beautiful Rikkis sake I will stop said Darzee. What is it Killer of the terrible Nag? Where is Nagaina for the third time? On the rubbish heap by the stables. mourning for Nag. Great is Rikki with the white teeth. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/JsOfr/btrASamGsRz/b9KOyLvpowgD9WQk7TtzPk/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">42 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">Bother my white teeth! Have you ever heard where she keeps her eggs? In the melon bed on the end nearest the wall where the sun strikes nearly all day. She hid them there weeks ago. And you never thought it worth while to tell me? The end nearest the wall you said? Rikki you are not going to eat her eggs? Not eat exactly. no Darzee if you have a grain of sense you will fly off to the stables and pretend that your wing is broken and let Nagaina chase you away to this bush. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/ch5cZ6/btrATR0Xieq/CUkx18QnitxQ0y6Yszmpl0/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">43 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">I must get to the melon bed and if I went there now she would see me. Darzee was a feather brained little fellow who could never hold more than one idea at a time in his head. And just because he knew that Nagainas children were born in eggs like his own. he didnt think at first that it was fair to kill them. But his wife was a sensible bird and she knew that cobras eggs meant young cobras later on. So she flew off from the nest and left Darzee to keep the babies warm and continue his song about the death of Nag. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/ZDB3Q/btrAUy09ahY/HRBOenJxmTuVpFsX2nisW1/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">44 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">Darzee was very like a man in some ways. She fluttered in front of Nagaina by the rubbish heap and cried out Oh my wing is broken. The boy in the house threw a stone at me and broke it. Then she fluttered more desperately than ever. Nagaina lifted up her head and hissed You warned Rikki when I would have killed him. Indeed and truly you have chosen a bad place to be lame in. And she moved toward Darzees wife slipping along over the dust. The boy broke it with a stone shrieked Darzees wife. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/bDjeel/btrATSS5GNh/J5nWpJ64mJCEXqsNOK7BfK/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">45 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">Well It may be some consolation to you when you are dead to know that I shall settle accounts with the boy. My husband lies on the rubbish heap this morning. but before night the boy in the house will lie very still. What is the use of running away? I am sure to catch you. Little fool look at me. Darzees wife knew better than to do that for a bird who looks at a snakes eyes gets so frightened that she cannot move. Darzees wife fluttered on piping sorrowfully and never leaving the ground. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/61LGy/btrARMGk6LO/MDoX7Wskoo0o2JHdU5HbZk/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">46 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">and Nagaina quickened her pace. Rikki heard them going up the path from the stables and he raced for the end of the melon patch near the wall. There in the warm litter above the melons very cunningly hidden he found twenty five eggs about the size of a bantams eggs but with whitish skin instead of shell. I was not a day too soon he said for he could see the baby cobras curled up inside the skin. and he knew that the minute they were hatched they could each kill a man or a mongoose. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/cfTQ14/btrAUxBahpq/ZXYODpIfrXQIwDgBYbNtOK/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">47 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">He bit off the tops of the eggs as fast as he could taking care to crush the young cobras and turned over the litter from time to time to see whether he had missed any. At last there were only three eggs left and Rikki began to chuckle to himself when he heard Darzees wife screaming. Rikki I led Nagaina toward the house, and she has gone into the veranda and oh come quickly she means killing. Rikki smashed two eggs and tumbled backward down the melon bed with the third egg in his mouth and scuttled to the veranda as hard as he could put foot to the ground. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/b9PMPh/btrAUxBajc1/bx6qO17VAgErhKSQ6nnpr1/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">48 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">Teddy and his mother and father were there at early breakfast, but Rikki saw that they were not eating anything. They sat stone still and their faces were white. Nagaina was coiled up on the matting by Teddys chair within easy striking distance of Teddys bare leg and she was swaying to and fro singing a song of triumph. Son of the big man that killed Nag she hissed stay still. I am not ready yet. Wait a little Keep very still all you three. If you move I strike and if you do not move I strike. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/EKNo5/btrATTj9cdT/gdfSBrC4gB1NbcohhTTlK0/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">49 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">Oh foolish people who killed my Nag Teddys eyes were fixed on his father and all his father could do was to whisper Sit still Teddy. You mustnt move. Teddy keep still. Then Rikki came up and cried Turn round Nagaina. Turn and fight All in good time said she without moving her eyes. I will settle my account with you presently. Look at your friends Rikki. They are still and white. They are afraid. They dare not move and if you come a step nearer I strike. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/bBA32g/btrARLAD9gt/avNRqEVlzobLilXXWDznB1/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">50 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">Look at your eggs said Rikki in the melon bed near the wall. Go and look Nagaina The big snake turned half around and saw the egg on the veranda. Ah Give it to me she said. Rikki put his paws one on each side of the egg and his eyes were blood red. What price for a snakes egg? For a young cobra? For a young king cobra? For the last the very last of the brood? The ants are eating all the others down by the melon bed. Nagaina spun clear round forgetting everything for the sake of the one egg. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/bhf7vt/btrAR9H2pf2/BKqwK3QiNnHzmAzuuXR9mk/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">51 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">Rikki saw Teddys father shoot out a big hand catch Teddy by the shoulder and drag him across the little table with the tea cups safe and out of reach of Nagaina. Tricked Tricked Rikk tck tck chuckled Rikki. The boy is safe and it was I that caught Nag by the hood last night in the bathroom. Then he began to jump up and down, all four feet together, his head close to the floor. He threw me to and fro but he could not shake me off. He was dead before the big man blew him in two. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/LefCd/btrATSevrJf/MrTgmCgpvGenQh09ZqydA1/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">52 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">I did it Rikki tck tck Come then Nagaina. Come and fight with me. You shall not be a widow long. Nagaina saw that she had lost her chance of killing Teddy and the egg lay between Rikkis paws. Give me the egg Rikki. Give me the last of my eggs and I will go away and never come back she said lowering her hood. Yes you will go away and you will never come back. For you will go to the rubbish heap with Nag. Fight widow The big man has gone for his gun Fight Rikki was bounding all round Nagaina. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/bMHC2M/btrAQ6ywIzW/GffcrQql9zlUS0HAIxzNnk/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">53 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">keeping just out of reach of her stroke his little eyes like hot coals. Nagaina gathered herself together and flung out at him. Rikki jumped up and backward. Again and again and again she struck and each time her head came with a whack on the matting of the veranda and she gathered herself together like a watch spring. Then Rikki danced in a circle to get behind her and Nagaina spun round to keep her head to his head so that the rustle of her tail on the matting sounded like dry leaves blown along by the wind. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/qsGgB/btrAR8WKl85/EaemBlNTbrhYFuKabKQLg0/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">54 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">He had forgotten the egg. It still lay on the veranda and Nagaina came nearer and nearer to it till at last while Rikki was drawing breath she caught it in her mouth turned to the veranda steps and flew like an arrow down the path with Rikki behind her. When the cobra runs for her life she goes like a whip lash flicked across a horses neck. Rikki knew that he must catch her or all the trouble would begin again. She headed straight for the long grass by the thorn bush and as he was running Rikki heard Darzee still singing his foolish little song of triumph. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/bAunyK/btrARLtQhWC/LUAwpjrUIYEf2a4elnSqjk/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">55 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">But Darzees wife was wiser. She flew off her nest as Nagaina came along and flapped her wings about Nagainas head. If Darzee had helped they might have turned her but Nagaina only lowered her hood and went on. Still the instants delay brought Rikki up to her and as she plunged into the rat hole where she and Nag used to live his little white teeth were clenched on her tail and he went down with her and very few mongooses however wise and old they may be, care to follow a cobra into its hole. 56 &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/rgDlD/btrASuZuBZa/2TJ8cpFBksBljylvVRshmk/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">56 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">It was dark in the hole and Rikki never knew when it might open out and give Nagaina room to turn and strike at him. He held on savagely and stuck out his feet to act as brakes on the dark slope of the hot moist earth. Then the grass by the mouth of the hole stopped waving and Darzee said It is all over with Rikki. We must sing his death song. Valiant Rikki is dead! For Nagaina will surely kill him underground. So he sang a very mournful song that he made up on the spur of the minute. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/deURL1/btrATcEhAaO/qf7JJrxTKX5M5RKyhTlNv1/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">57 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">and just as he got to the most touching part the grass quivered again and Rikki covered with dirt dragged himself out of the hole leg by leg licking his whiskers. Darzee stopped with a little shout. Rikki shook some of the dust out of his fur and sneezed. It is all over he said. The widow will never come out again. And the red ants that live between the grass stems heard him and began to troop down one after another to see if he had spoken the truth. Rikki curled himself up in the grass and slept where he was slept and slept till it was late in the afternoon. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/FW5QR/btrAR9nKyBR/X9vz5IEvKFjzzv7Gnq55YK/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">58 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">for he had done a hard days work. Now he said when he awoke I will go back to the house. Tell the Coppersmith, Darzee, and he will tell the garden that Nagaina is dead. The Coppersmith is a bird who makes a noise exactly like the beating of a little hammer on a copper pot. and the reason he is always making it is because he is the town crier to every Indian garden and tells all the news to everybody who cares to listen. As Rikki went up the path he heard his attention notes like a tiny dinner gong. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/dAkgUO/btrARLgjUeC/Yq1RXpwOuvR6Htctr4nfHK/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">59 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">and then the steady Ding dong tock. Nag is dead dong. Nagaina is dead. That set all the birds in the garden singing and the frogs croaking for Nag and Nagaina used to eat frogs as well as little birds. When Rikki got to the house Teddy and Teddys mother and Teddys father came out and almost cried over him and that night he ate all that was given him till he could eat no more and went to bed on Teddys shoulder where Teddys mother saw him when she came to look late at night. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<center><audio src="https://blog.kakaocdn.net/dn/CbAPz/btrAQJjiA5g/DmLE5JG0AIQ8zAQmQVWeSK/tfile.mp3" controls="controls"></audio></center>
<p data-ke-size="size16">60 <span style="color: #9d9d9d;">He saved our lives and Teddys life she said to her husband. Just think he saved all our lives. Rikki woke up with a jump, for the mongooses are light sleepers. Oh it is you said he. What are you bothering for? All the cobras are dead. And if they werent I am here. Rikki had a right to be proud of himself. But he did not grow too proud and he kept that garden as a mongoose should keep it with tooth and jump and spring and bite till never a cobra dared show its head inside the walls. THE END. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>
<p data-ke-size="size16">&nbsp;</p>